we are coming away from Toyota Park the
least first four titles were playing by
these two sides
tonight they begin their journey towards
the 12th edition of MLS Cup with DC
United taking on Chicago Game one of the
Eastern Conference semifinals
DC United in the black the Chicago Fire
in the red DC United will go with a lone
striker tonight Eero lanka penny it's
game on here at Luna Park as 2007 Major
League Soccer layoffs are underway
monka beautiful
here
that's the other thing I mean if you
would have told me but this guy was only
going to have three yellow cards at this
point have more from the toffee stones
did a terrific job he's fired he's
buying over the top now hopeless gonna
try and get here
the box Christmas Hashanah markets the
first tester of this match comes from
Chris wrong and Perkins up to the test
make a mistake in the first 20 obviously
ago
the stink of the black/white DC and
Cristal punishes him
Chris rolls right they're bouncy boss
one of the easiest shots in the world
you just keep that down goalkeeper can
do nothing about it they go for the ball
sneaks in there uh-huh
great finish you just ropes that into
the upper corner
the birds got kind of ball watch it
didn't gotta get in front of his guy and
I like to see Chris Rock like to say
going closer to the goal because when he
gets the burner though he's both first
the sense of mistake of the 2007 MLS
playoffs you know either these teams is
4 games away from the MLS Cup I'm dying
the Mexican Queen welcome Emma
cuauhtémoc blanco has had a very good
opportunity in this one and he was
stoned by Troy Perkins and a good look
do you know where he's going he's lined
up that post the same thing his role for
the first minutes of the game I wasn't
able to find that back post pretty good
position in there from Perkins it's been
a great spot he's cut off the angle well
I don't think this is a car this is one
of the things I worry about when it
comes to Blanco is because he's never
seen this before this the people
screaming at people
Bailey's course Wednesday
right perfect
it keeps me seeing right in it
troit Perkins came up with a huge save
on Caitlyn car or watch the tugging
going on my name off he's just we were
just talking about this speed of car
name off knows it as soon as this ball
goes in he's like oh boy I better just
do something grab them hold them on your
feet
straight up in the air
Robinson
four minutes of sandwich time has been
added that's a ton of time they're just
going to pump it in there
Emilio lays it down for Gomez
he's an idea from Christine Gomez to
Jaime Moreno
she brought a banner to nothing game I
actually thought that after wolf stole
that maybe they would have been able to
that's it the Chicago Fire take Game one
of the two game series here in the
Eastern Conference semifinals with DC
United the hero Chris Rolfe his goal in
the 14th minute Chicago one o victors at
home here at the Toyota Park